posts/315.rst, before:

.. title: BigBOSS Gets a Kick-Start From the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation December 4, 2012
.. slug: 315
.. date: 2012-12-06 21:00:35
.. tags: 
.. description: 


|image0| A $2.1 million grant from the `Gordon and Betty Moore
Foundation <http://www.moore.org/newsitem.aspx?id=4812>`__ to the
University of California at Berkeley, through the Berkeley Center for
Cosmological Physics (BCCP), will fund the development of revolutionary
technologies for BigBOSS, a project now in the proposal stage designed
to study dark energy with unprecedented precision. BigBOSS is based at
the U.S. Department of Energy’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
(Berkeley Lab). “BigBOSS is the next big thing in cosmology,” says Uroš
Seljak, Director of the BCCP, who is a professor of physics and
astronomy at UC Berkeley and a member of Berkeley Lab’s Physics
Division. “It would map millions and millions of galaxies, allowing us
to measure dark energy to high precision – and would yield other
important scientific results as well, including determining neutrino
mass and the number of neutrino families.” Dark energy is the unknown
something that appears to account for almost three-quarters of the
mass-energy of the universe and is the cause of its accelerating
expansion. The discovery of the accelerating universe, announced in 1998
by two teams, resulted in the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics, divided
between Berkeley Lab and UC Berkeley astrophysicist Saul Perlmutter,
leader of the Supernova Cosmology Project, and Brian Schmidt and Adam
Riess of the competing High‑z Supernova Search team. “After we won the
Nobel Prize, the question we all heard most was, ‘Now that you’ve
discovered dark energy, what comes next?’” says Perlmutter, who is the
Executive Director of the BCCP as well as principal investigator for the
Moore Foundation’s BigBOSS grant. “The answer is pretty clear: we have
to find out what dark energy is. There’s no end of theories. To know
which are possible, what we need most is the kind of accurate
observational evidence that only BigBOSS and other advanced experiments
can give us.”

`More <http://newscenter.lbl.gov/news-releases/2012/12/04/moore-foundation-bigboss/>`__
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |image0| image:: http://bccp.berkeley.edu/new/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Instruments-and-Mayall-by-Mark-Duggan1.jpg
   :target: http://bccp.berkeley.edu/new/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Instruments-and-Mayall-by-Mark-Duggan1.jpg

Commit message:

import posts images
maybe it makes more sense to move the images into the same folder of the files?

posts/315.rst, after:

.. title: BigBOSS Gets a Kick-Start From the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation December 4, 2012
.. slug: 315
.. date: 2012-12-06 21:00:35
.. tags: 
.. description: 


|image0| A $2.1 million grant from the `Gordon and Betty Moore
Foundation <http://www.moore.org/newsitem.aspx?id=4812>`__ to the
University of California at Berkeley, through the Berkeley Center for
Cosmological Physics (BCCP), will fund the development of revolutionary
technologies for BigBOSS, a project now in the proposal stage designed
to study dark energy with unprecedented precision. BigBOSS is based at
the U.S. Department of Energy’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
(Berkeley Lab). “BigBOSS is the next big thing in cosmology,” says Uroš
Seljak, Director of the BCCP, who is a professor of physics and
astronomy at UC Berkeley and a member of Berkeley Lab’s Physics
Division. “It would map millions and millions of galaxies, allowing us
to measure dark energy to high precision – and would yield other
important scientific results as well, including determining neutrino
mass and the number of neutrino families.” Dark energy is the unknown
something that appears to account for almost three-quarters of the
mass-energy of the universe and is the cause of its accelerating
expansion. The discovery of the accelerating universe, announced in 1998
by two teams, resulted in the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics, divided
between Berkeley Lab and UC Berkeley astrophysicist Saul Perlmutter,
leader of the Supernova Cosmology Project, and Brian Schmidt and Adam
Riess of the competing High‑z Supernova Search team. “After we won the
Nobel Prize, the question we all heard most was, ‘Now that you’ve
discovered dark energy, what comes next?’” says Perlmutter, who is the
Executive Director of the BCCP as well as principal investigator for the
Moore Foundation’s BigBOSS grant. “The answer is pretty clear: we have
to find out what dark energy is. There’s no end of theories. To know
which are possible, what we need most is the kind of accurate
observational evidence that only BigBOSS and other advanced experiments
can give us.”

`More <http://newscenter.lbl.gov/news-releases/2012/12/04/moore-foundation-bigboss/>`__
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |image0| image:: /images/315/Instruments-and-Mayall-by-Mark-Duggan1.jpg
   :target: /images/315/Instruments-and-Mayall-by-Mark-Duggan1.jpg
